e. I think the main difficulties that I experienced pursuing my PhD was
that my I guess my expectations of what it was going to be like were
not entirely accurate. Um, I like in my PhD experience Thio, you
know, getting married or me or becoming a parent. It's never what you
think it's gonna be. It was so much harder in the sense, Um, it was
it was so much more work than I thought it was gonna be like the work
hours were just intense and and it was longer in a way that I thought
it would be. Not that it was time ways really longer, But just
you know how hard it was for how long was not what I anticipated. Um,
and so, you know, I did come to a point about two years in where
I was like, I'm done. I don't want to do this anymore. Um, and I had
some soul searching conversations with my mentor and with some other
people that I trusted, and I did come to the conclusion ultimately
toe stay, stay with the program and keep doing it. But yeah, it was
just it was a lot. It was a lot more intense than than I thought that
it waas that it was gonna be